perf/README.md, before:

This directory contains files for the performance test of DAMON.

The test measures the runtime and memory footprint of various workloads with
different kernel configurations.  The configurations are as below:

    orig	Original kernel running THP with 'madvise()' enable policy
    rec		Kernel running DAMON with record option for the workloads
    prec	Kernel running DAMON with record option for the system
    thp		Original kernel running THP with 'always' enable policy
    ethp	Kernel running 'efficient THP' operation scheme.
    prcl	Kernel running 'proactive reclamation' operation scheme for the workloads.
    pprcl	Kernel running 'proactive reclamation' operation scheme for the system.

The workloads are:

- 24 workloads in PARSEC3[1] and SPLASH-2X[2], and
- 4 YCSB workloads having different zipfian distribution.

[1] https://parsec.cs.princeton.edu/parsec3-doc.htm
[2] https://parsec.cs.princeton.edu/parsec3-doc.htm#splash2x


Pre-requisites
==============

setup.sh
--------

Run setup.sh on this directory.  It clones necessary repositories, install
linux kernel with appropriate configs, and setup PARSEC3/SPLASH-2X benchmarks.
You may modify the script before running if you want to have a customized
environment or want to skip some of the setup stesp such as PARSEC3/SPLASH-2X
setup.


silo
----

The tests use a variant of YCSB-A workload which is implemented on a DB storage
system, silo[1].  The implementation uses objects smaller than the original
YCSB and does uniformly distributed requests, while the original YCSB uses
a zipfian distribution with alpha value 0.99.  To test DAMON against more
original-like YCSB workloads with various access patterns, users should install
silo at '$HOME/silo' with 'patches/silo.patch'.  For example, assuming
'$DAMON_TESTS' contains the place of 'damon-tests' directory:

    $ cd $HOME; git clone https://github.com/stephentu/silo.git
    $ cd silo; git am $DAMON_TESTS/perf/patches/silo.patch
    $ make -j dbtest

[1] https://github.com/stephentu/silo.git
[2] https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB
[3] https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB/blob/0a330744c5b6f3b1a49e8988ccf1f6ac748340f5/core/src/main/java/com/yahoo/ycsb/generator/ZipfianGenerator.java#L42


Python3
-------

Lazybox depends on Python3.  Install it using your package manager.  However,
most python scripts in the lazybox are python2 compatible.   You could try
changing the shebangs to python2.


gnuplot
-------

Visualization of the outputs in the reports is made using 'gnuplot'.  Install
it using your package manager.


HOWTO
=====

This section describes how you can run the tests and make a report on your
system.  Before the below instructions, please ensure that your system meets
the above-mentioned pre-requisites.

Just sequentially execute below three commands.

    $ CFG=full_config.sh ./full_run.sh
    $ CFG=full_config.sh ./post.sh
    $ CFG=full_config.sh ./mk_reports.sh

The first command runs the workloads and measures some metrics.  It would take
more than 10 hours.  The second command does the post-processing of the numbers
gathered during the runs.  The final command generates the reports for you and
shows a summary in text form.  It generates a detailed report in text form, and
in html form in 'report/report.txt' and 'report/html/index.html', respectively.
The html form report includes simple visualizations of the output, either.  The
visualizations are also available in 'report/plots/' directory.

Commit message:

Notify awslabs repo deprecation for awslabs repo
Update README files to clearly notify awslabs GitHub repo
deprecation[1].

Note that this commit will be pushed to only awslabs repo.

[1] https://lore.kernel.org/20240813232158.83903-1-sj@kernel.org

Signed-off-by: SeongJae Park <sj@kernel.org>

perf/README.md, after:

THIS REPO IS DEPRECATED
=======================

This repo (https://github.com/awslabs/damon-tests) was one of the official
GitHub repos for damo.  However, after 2024-09-05, this has been[1] no longer
the official GitHub repo.  Please use the new official GitHub repo
(https://github.com/damonitor/damon-tests) instead.

[1] https://lore.kernel.org/20240813232158.83903-1-sj@kernel.org

---

This directory contains files for the performance test of DAMON.

The test measures the runtime and memory footprint of various workloads with
different kernel configurations.  The configurations are as below:

    orig	Original kernel running THP with 'madvise()' enable policy
    rec		Kernel running DAMON with record option for the workloads
    prec	Kernel running DAMON with record option for the system
    thp		Original kernel running THP with 'always' enable policy
    ethp	Kernel running 'efficient THP' operation scheme.
    prcl	Kernel running 'proactive reclamation' operation scheme for the workloads.
    pprcl	Kernel running 'proactive reclamation' operation scheme for the system.

The workloads are:

- 24 workloads in PARSEC3[1] and SPLASH-2X[2], and
- 4 YCSB workloads having different zipfian distribution.

[1] https://parsec.cs.princeton.edu/parsec3-doc.htm
[2] https://parsec.cs.princeton.edu/parsec3-doc.htm#splash2x


Pre-requisites
==============

setup.sh
--------

Run setup.sh on this directory.  It clones necessary repositories, install
linux kernel with appropriate configs, and setup PARSEC3/SPLASH-2X benchmarks.
You may modify the script before running if you want to have a customized
environment or want to skip some of the setup stesp such as PARSEC3/SPLASH-2X
setup.


silo
----

The tests use a variant of YCSB-A workload which is implemented on a DB storage
system, silo[1].  The implementation uses objects smaller than the original
YCSB and does uniformly distributed requests, while the original YCSB uses
a zipfian distribution with alpha value 0.99.  To test DAMON against more
original-like YCSB workloads with various access patterns, users should install
silo at '$HOME/silo' with 'patches/silo.patch'.  For example, assuming
'$DAMON_TESTS' contains the place of 'damon-tests' directory:

    $ cd $HOME; git clone https://github.com/stephentu/silo.git
    $ cd silo; git am $DAMON_TESTS/perf/patches/silo.patch
    $ make -j dbtest

[1] https://github.com/stephentu/silo.git
[2] https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB
[3] https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB/blob/0a330744c5b6f3b1a49e8988ccf1f6ac748340f5/core/src/main/java/com/yahoo/ycsb/generator/ZipfianGenerator.java#L42


Python3
-------

Lazybox depends on Python3.  Install it using your package manager.  However,
most python scripts in the lazybox are python2 compatible.   You could try
changing the shebangs to python2.


gnuplot
-------

Visualization of the outputs in the reports is made using 'gnuplot'.  Install
it using your package manager.


HOWTO
=====

This section describes how you can run the tests and make a report on your
system.  Before the below instructions, please ensure that your system meets
the above-mentioned pre-requisites.

Just sequentially execute below three commands.

    $ CFG=full_config.sh ./full_run.sh
    $ CFG=full_config.sh ./post.sh
    $ CFG=full_config.sh ./mk_reports.sh

The first command runs the workloads and measures some metrics.  It would take
more than 10 hours.  The second command does the post-processing of the numbers
gathered during the runs.  The final command generates the reports for you and
shows a summary in text form.  It generates a detailed report in text form, and
in html form in 'report/report.txt' and 'report/html/index.html', respectively.
The html form report includes simple visualizations of the output, either.  The
visualizations are also available in 'report/plots/' directory.
